Add FAQ documentation about TLS certificates (#9868)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/getting-started/faq.md

For each TLS certificate, Traefik produces an identifier used as a key to store it.
This identifier is constructed as the alphabetically ordered concatenation of the SANs `DNSNames` and `IPAddresses` of the TLScertificate.

#### Examples:

| X509v3 Subject Alternative Name         | TLS Certificate Identifier  |
|-----------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| `DNS:example.com, IP Address:127.0.0.1` | `127.0.0.1,example.com`     |
| `DNS:example.com, DNS:*.example.com`    | `*.example.com,example.com` |

The identifier is used to store TLS certificates in order to be later used to handle TLS connections.
This operation happens each time there are configuration changes.

If multiple TLS certificates are provided with the same SANs definition (same identifier), only the one processed first is kept.
Because the dynamic configuration is aggregated from all providers,
when processing it to gather TLS certificates,
there is no guarantee of the order in which they would be processed.
This means that along with configurations applied, it is possible that the TLS certificate retained for a given identifier differs.

### Serving TLS Certificates

> For each incoming connection, Traefik is serving the "best" matching TLS certificate for the provided servername.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each incoming connection, Traefik is serving the "best" matching TLS certificate for the provided server name.
```

The TLS certificate selection process narrows down the list of TLS certificates matching the server name,
and then selects the last TLS certificate in this list after having ordered it by the identifier alphabetically.

#### Examples:

| Selected TLS Certificates Identifiers               | Sorted TLS Certificates Identifiers                 | Served Certificate Identifier |
|-----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
| `127.0.0.1,example.com`,`*.example.com,example.com` | `*.example.com,example.com`,`127.0.0.1,example.com` | `127.0.0.1,example.com`       |
| `*.example.com,example.com`,`example.com`           | `*.example.com,example.com`,`example.com`           | `example.com`                 |

### Caching TLS Certificates

While Traefik is serving the best matching TLS certificate for each incoming connection,
the selection process cost for each incoming connection is avoided thanks to a cache mechanism.

Once a TLS certificate has been selected as the "best" TLS certificate for a server name,
it is cached for an hour, avoiding the selection process for further connections.

> Nonetheless, if a new configuration is applied, the cache is reset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nonetheless, when a new configuration is applied, the cache is reset.
```
